[Music]
18 things you keep doing wrong there are
many ways to make our everyday kitchen
chores more manageable and we bet you
haven't even heard about half of them
check out the chip sack
it's a total surprise eighteen using a
mixer to use a mixer like a pro put a
paper plate on its feeders it will serve
as a temporary cover that'll eliminate
unwanted spray try it out while making a
cake 17 eating choco pies yes this is
news toast as well
whirring this chocolate and marshmallow
confectionery in a microwave makes it
twice as big and three times as tasty no
wait ten times is tasty sixteen
preserving vegetables if you want to
double the longevity of salad leaves and
keep them fresh rinse them and then
store them sandwiched in a container
between paper napkins
no more wilted and slimy leaves 15
opening a coconut dares taught to do in
the proper way
preheat the oven to 400 degrees
Fahrenheit pierce a hole in the coconut
shell and pour out the liquid put the
coconut in the oven for about 15 minutes
until it starts to crack then slightly
hit the side of the coconut and open it
14 cleaning mushrooms this is easy to
remember never wash mushrooms under
running water it's best to clean them
using a wet towel and brush as this
helps preserve its aroma 13 storing
bananas do you store bananas in bunches
then stop doing it right now what you
should do is separate them from each
other
wrap their tails in plastic wrap and put
them in the fridge
we guarantee much longer storage 12
preparing dry breakfast corn flakes and
other types of cereal quickly sees to be
crispy if you leave the Box open even
for a few minutes you can solve this
problem by placing them in a hot oven
for 5 to 10 minutes this trick also
works with potato chips 11 cleaning
frying pans
want to clean dirty pots and pans easily
simply place them in boiling water and
add a small amount of vinegar this hack
saves time and effort Ken adding cheese
to burgers to make a real cheeseburger
wait until the meat is ready place a
slice of cheese on top add a little
water and cover the frying pan with the
lid the cheese will melt within three to
five seconds
voila nine collecting jam from the
bottom how do you collect the remnants
of jam chocolate spread or peanut butter
from the bottom of a jar here's how
simply add cereal and milk this will
make for a great breakfast ensure that
none of your favorite jams go to waste
eight cutting onions to cut onions
without tears sprinkle the board with
lemon juice before you start cutting
lemon juice can neutralize the smell of
onion no more suffering
seven saving burn cookies you can easily
rescue your overdone cookies by removing
the burned fist for the greater no one
will even suspect that something went
wrong six opening a bag of chips rather
than pouring your chips into a bowl you
can make the bag into a bowl
open the bag in the front with a pair of
scissors remove the front flap
completely and you'll have a makeshift
bolt eat your chips out of five opening
pesky pistachios I hate when this
happens
literally hate em you here's a solution
grab this a co nut shell half and stick
the top of the small end and is a
partially open pistachio as simple as
that for making chocolate chips the
easiest way to make chocolate chips is
to use a potato peeler take the potato
peeler and scrape it across the edge of
the chocolate bar a simple yet effective
solution three drinking coke
[Music]
a study showed that the top of all
beverage cans is full of germs and
bacteria you will do your health a favor
drinking coke from a can with a straw
the skill avoid contamination to eating
ice cream instead of scooping ice cream
from a pack you can cut it into portions
right with the package and even make ice
cream sandwiches this method is only
useful when you serve ice cream for a
group of people however you can cover
the leftovers with a plastic wrap for
further storage one using toothpaste
[Music]
studies show that toothpaste isn't
healthy for our teeth if we abuse it did
you think that the more toothpaste you
squeeze the better your wrong using too
much toothpaste only make sure he's
yellow and damages them do you know
other useful hacks that simplify your
life
share them in the comments below if
you're visiting our channel for the
first time click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life